README.md, before:

# git-jedi-trials

You must pass these trials in order to become a true git jedi. Complete the following tasks to hone your skills in Git, focusing on concepts like branching and merging. Follow the steps below using the Git command-line interface (CLI) to complete the tasks. Good luck!

1. **Create a GitHub Account (if you haven't already)**
   - [Sign up here](https://github.com/signup)

2. **Generate an Authentication Token and Save it to Your Config File**
   - Utilize the Git credential helper. [Learn more](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials/2.39.0)

3. **Fork this Repository**

4. **Add a Markdown File Named `<your-username.md>`**

5. **Create a Branch Named `details`**
   - Write a brief paragraph about yourself in the file.
   - Push these changes to the `details` branch.

6. **Switch to the Main Branch**
   - Add a short note about your favorite Pokémon (or any other character) and why it's the best in that same file.
   - Push these changes to the `main` branch.

7. **Merge the `details` Branch to the `main` Branch**

8. **Resolve Emerging Conflicts**

   **Finally, your file should look something like this:**
   ```markdown
   My name is <name>. I am interested in <interests>. I like doing <things>.

   My favorite Pokémon is Gengar because it's purple.

9. **Create a Pull Request to this Repository and Request Your Mentor's Review**

10. **If you wish to practice more [learngitbranching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) is an amazing resource**

Commit message:

feat: update task to include checkout, and be more explicit

README.md, after:

# git-jedi-trials

You must pass these trials in order to become a true git jedi. Complete the following tasks to hone your skills in Git, focusing on concepts like branching and merging. Follow the steps below using the Git command-line interface (CLI) to complete the tasks. Good luck!

> [!CAUTION]
> ensure you use the Git CLI for the tasks

1. **Create a GitHub Account (if you haven't already)**
   - [Sign up here](https://github.com/signup)

2. **Generate an Authentication Token and Save it to Your Config File**
   - Utilize the Git credential helper. [Learn more](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials/2.39.0)
   - Alternatively you could use [Github CLI](https://cli.github.com/) for authentication

3. **Fork this Repository**

4. **Add a Markdown File Named `<your-username.md>`**

5. **Create a Branch Named `details`**
   - Write a brief paragraph about yourself in the file.
   - Push these changes to the `details` branch.

6. **Switch to the Main Branch**
   - Add a short note about your favorite Pokémon (or favorite cartoon) and why it's the best in that same file.
   - Push these changes to the `main` branch.

7. **Merge the `details` Branch to the `main` Branch**
   - Make sure you committed at each previous step
      - add descriptive commit messages
      - try to follow [conventional commits](www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) (as a general tip, not necessarily for this task)

8. **Resolve Emerging Conflicts**

   **Finally, your file should look something like this:**
   ```markdown
   My name is <name>. I am interested in <interests>. I like doing <things>.

   My favorite Pokémon is Gengar because it's purple.

9. **Create a Pull Request to this Repository and Request Your Mentor's Review**
    - `checkout` your mentor's description, and mention their favourite pokemon in the PR description

10. Further resources
    - [learngitbranching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
    - [Git Internals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxHJdapz2p0)
